look up this morning on the beach
started walking it's my regular routine
I was on the search for some diamonds
let me tell you just what I see I saw a
castle with a view fields a bamboo guy
from come to a giant screw a kangaroo
some chickens do and the woman who lived
in a shoe s all white will the Holy
Grail pirate ship without a sail airmail
volcano failed pyramids not to scale in
some things I should not go into detail
you never know what you find shaping a
world that's in your
see for yourself and walk with me a
world of Wonderland a beauty across the
mountains and over the sea but I still
have
I've been walking around for miles still
no diamonds to be found maybe I should
look underground I started digging a
hole drilling through dirt then I fell
through landed in some water what have I
got myself into so I love a lake near
the core Kratos from gotta for mushrooms
for liquor stores as you have done
door wouldn't shed with the feds
fighters and the undead
the dread I saw a sparkle
archive good
right through that mark and last
on me some diamonds I want all happy
me I could ride